Mention API Routes in RPC spec (#347)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: docs/rpc-specification.mdx

This is documentation for using Blitz queries and mutations in a non-Blitz app. For example, from a mobile application or some other app.

**For using queries and mutations in your app, refer to [Using Queries](./query-usage.mdx) and [Using Mutations](./mutation-usage.mdx).**

> **If you want to access your app e.g. from an external API, take a look at [API Routes](./api-routes.mdx) instead.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you want to access your app e.g. as an external API for a mobile app, take a look at [API Routes](./api-routes.mdx) instead.**
```

Author: This PR was made in response to https://discord.com/channels/802917734999523368/804073762496184341/804708509459415070, and they didn't mention anything about a mobile app. We should put this more broadly, I think.

Reviewer: Regardless I'd make it as opposed to from because with API routes you're using your blitz app 'as' an external api.

From sounds like you're requesting data from the an external api not your app being that external api
